the University of Leicester and the Phil
ammonia Orchestra have a long-standing
collaboration to enhance music making
opportunities at the University the Phil
ammonia is a resident to de menthe the
Hall in Leicester where it gives a
series of concerts and at the University
Phil ammonia musicians coach ensembles
and teach scholarship students with
orchestre staff providing organizational
guidance it's an exciting partnership
because we don't have a music department
you can't come to Leicester and do a
music degree there's this kind of really
good community feel about it where
everyone who does music because sort it
out because they love it and they want
to be playing and I think that's one of
the things which brings everyone
together
we have a hugely successful variety of
student clubs and societies that all
focus on music those groups came
together in the last a university music
association students are under a lot of
pressure these days because unemployment
is quite high and they have to be very
competitive and lots of them are very
ambitious music then is it is a social
group of people doing something they
have always liked doing and that helps
them in every way
means it means to me something that that
I can enjoy that's always there and you
can relate to anyone with music
regardless of languages wherever you're
from music music is there to be a to be
a connection and to break down barriers
between people before I can't
universally he's given up on music as
well and joining the chamber choir
really brought me up myself again and
then getting the scholarship for the
film ammonia was just a massive boost
and suddenly i'm walking on cloud nine
and hopefully being the president of
fame of choir next year so if something
i've written out of my life it's
completely taken over almost it's one of
the best things about being here aside
from my degree it's the best thing is
the best thing i've done here by a
country mile personally I've enjoyed the
relationship with the valar monea long
may it continue with the University of
Leicester as I'm sure that not only the
university but also the philharmonia we
both benefit from this relationship
which I think gives great opportunities
to our students the scholarship program
associated with it is hotly contested
and greatly enjoyed by those who have
the privilege of working with the
philharmonia it gives us a really good
link with people who can come to our
rehearsals and help us in a way that we
can't really access we can't afford to
access that kind of help the big band
has had my call come in a couple of
weeks ago the choirs have an expert come
in all the instrumental groups have had
for many players so it's just an extra
an extra layer of support when I was
looking around universities I was very
much like the one of the first things I
did was look at the music facilities and
think is this right for me and for me
personally music is something which has
been with me all my life probably since
I was about ten being sacked for 10 11
years for at that time I've kind of had
all these experiences
and to carry it forward into University
was something which I really wanted to
do and be an active part of the music
community here it's not just being able
to play and sing and do things like that
make you feel good it's all the people
that you get to do that with that you
are probably going to be friends with
for the rest of your life because you
met them when they sat down next year in
contraband that's actually what happens
when it all comes together it's great I
mean look at them in there they're
fantastically talented music isn't their
degree they haven't come to University
dealers they're scientists and lawyers
and economic Salem all of us are in
there look at the color it's incredible
so that's the best thing the best thing
about doing it is working with those
people who are so enthusiastic and so
good what they do
you